against Moab thus says the Lord of hosts
the God of Israel whoa - kneeble for it
is plundered cutis am ashamed and taken
the high stronghold ashamed and dismayed
no more praise of Moab in heshbon they
have devised evil against her come and
let us cut her off as a nation you also
shall be cut down old madman the sword
shall pursue you a voice of crying shall
be from horror Nahum plundering and
great destruction Moab is destroyed her
little ones have caused the cry to be
heard for in the ascent of new hits they
ascend with continual weeping for in the
descent of Horla Nahum the enemies have
heard a cry of destruction flee save
your lives and be like the juniper in
the wilderness for because you have
trusted in your works and in your
treasures you also shall be taken and
kemar shall go forth into captivity his
priests and his princes together and the
plunderers shall come against every city
no one shall escape the valley also
shall perish and the plain shall be
destroyed as the Lord has spoken give
wings to Moab that she may flee and get
away for her city shall be desolate
without any to dwell in them
cursed is he who does the work of the
Lord
deceitfully and cursed is he who keeps
back his sword from blood moab has been
at ease from his youth he has settled on
his dregs and has not been emptied from
vessel to vessel nor has he gone into
captivity therefore his taste
remained in him and his scent has not
changed therefore behold the days are
coming says the Lord that I shall send
him wine workers who will tip him over
and empty his vessels and break the
bottles moab shall be ashamed of tomash
as the house of israel was ashamed the
bethel their confidence how can you say
we are mighty and strong men for the war
Moab is plundered and gone up from her
cities her chosen young men have gone
down to the slaughter says the king
whose name is the Lord of Hosts the
calamity of Moab is near at hand and his
affliction comes quickly beam on him all
you who are around him and all you who
know his name say how the strong staff
is broken the beautiful robbed Oh
daughter inhabiting diamond come down
from your glory and sit in thirst for
the plunderer of Moab has come against
you he has destroyed your strongholds o
inhabitant of Aurora stand by the way
and watch ask him who flees and her who
escapes say what has happened
Moab is shamed for he is broken down
wail and cry
till it in on that Moab is London and
judgment has come on the plane country
on Hollen and jhaza
and Mathias on die burn and Nebo and
Beth de Blasio on kerchief aim and Beth
gable and Beth Mian on Kiriath and Basra
on all the cities of the land of Moab
far or near the Horn of Moab is cut off
and his arm is broken make him drunk
because he exalted himself against the
Lord Moab shall wallow in his vomit and
he shall also be in derision for was not
Israel a derision to you was he found
among thieves for whenever you speak of
him you shake your head and scorn you
who dwell in Moab leave the cities and
dwell in the rock and be like the Dove
which makes her nest in the sides of the
caves mouth we have heard the pride of
Moab he is exceedingly proud of his
loftiness and arrogance and pride and of
the haughtiness of his heart
I know his wrath says the Lord but it is
not right his lies have made nothing
right therefore I will wail for Moab and
I will cry out for all Moab I will mourn
for the man of coherence ovine of Simba
I will wait for you with the weeping of
Jesu your plants have gone over the sea
they reach to the sea of Jesu
the plunder has fallen on your summer
fruit and your vintage joy and gladness
are taken from the plentiful field and
from the land of mower I have caused
wine to fail from the wine presses
no one will tread with joyous shouting
not joyous shouting from the cry of his
pawn to Ely Ayla and J has they have
uttered their voice from ZOA to horror
named like a three-year-old heifer
for the waters of NIMH Rijn also shall
be desolate
moreover says the Lord I will cause to
cease in Moab the one who offers
sacrifices in the high places and burns
incense to his gods therefore my heart
shall wail like flutes for Moab and like
flutes my heart shall wail for the men
of queue hereis therefore the riches
they have acquired have perished for
every head shall be bald and every beard
clipped on all the hand shall be cuts
and on the loins sackcloth a general
lamentation on all the housetops of Moab
and in its streets for I have broken
Moab like a vessel in which is no
pleasure says the Lord they shall wail
how she is broken down omo has turned
her back with shame so a Moab shall be a
derision and in dismay to all those
above her for thus says the Lord behold
one shall fly like an eagle and spread
his wings over mob carry off is taken
and the strongholds are surprised the
mighty men's hearts in Moab on that day
shall be like the heart of a woman in
birthparents
and Moab shall be destroyed as a people
because he exalted himself against the
Lord fear and the pit and the snare
shall be upon you O inhabitant of Mahwah
he who flees from the fear shall fall
into the pit and he who gets out of the
pit shall be caught in the snake for
upon Moab upon it I will bring the year
of their punishment says the Lord those
who fled stood under the shadow of
Heshbon
because of exhaustion but a fire shall
come out of Heshbon a flame from the
midst of Sion and shall devour the brow
of Moab a crown of the head of the sons
of tumult woe to you or mow the
people of ki mosh perish for your sons
have been taken captive and your
daughter's captive yet I will bring back
the captives of MA in the latter days
thus far is the judgment of Maud
[Music]